hey
hey everyone I'm David and welcome to
talk talk for all you anime fans out
there you've probably seen a film or two
by Studio Ghibli Studio Ghibli has
brought us such amazing films as my
neighbor totoro ponyo Princess Mononoke
and several other highly acclaimed
enemies this year marks the 60th
birthday of the director producer writer
and animator Studio Ghibli hayao
miyazaki and the 50th birthday of the
composer for those films joe hisaishi
truly an awesome duel and making
masterpiece animes the music's when
these films is absolutely beautiful and
opportunist from around the world love
to put the melodies on their off
Karina's and for the last few weeks I've
been posting some of my personal
favorites here on YouTube and you can
check those out in my studio ghibli
playlist and they're still three or four
more to come last week marked the 25th
anniversary of the very first of the
game Legend of Zelda for the NES yes I
know not directly related to Ocarina but
without the series we never would have
had ocarina of time and then where would
we be in honor of this occasion many
people have posted video tributes such
as an awesome speed drawing of
characters from the past 25 years and a
very cool rendition of the opening from
ocarina of time with ocarina and Shelley
if you've known about off munis for long
you've probably come across a maker
called sombra de karina when it comes to
ocarina makers songbird ocarina is
definitely a favorite among players and
collectors founder of the company during
in songbird has become a leading
innovator in ocarina making here in the
united states with new designs coming
out throughout the year including his
new crystal operas and the double
sprouted ocarina over the last several
months I've been privileged to help out
with the songbird YouTube channel and
the weekly streams which you can catch
the lab on friday nights at seven pm
eastern 4 p.m. pacific during the
broadcast you have a lot of fun talking
about what's happening in the ocarina
world learning music theory for the
ocarina taking your request in just
acting kind of crazy so if you're not
busy friday evening you can catch me on
ustream TV / channel / songbird ocarina
or just click the link in the
description and don't forget to check
out my videos on the songbird youtube
channel speaking of playing live i'm
planning on doing a little bit of
traveling this year two different anime
cons and ocarina meetups and i could
definitely use some help first off I'll
probably be visiting most of the columns
in the southern and western states so if
you can tell me which ones you think are
worth going to I'd really appreciate it
because I have no idea how to find out
otherwise i'm pretty sure i'm going to
econ in dallas and san japan here in san
antonio but the rest could be up to you
awkward camera pointing i'm also super
excited to announce that i'm probably
going to the most important ocarina
meetup of the year the 2011 offering a
festival in padriel italy the small town
of bird rio is where craftsman geo
Sebadoh naughty developed the first
diatonic ocarina after making their way
from south america the tradition of
madria ocarina making is still continued
to this day and to honor this tradition
the european ocarina festival is held
here every two years drawing in makers
collectors and performers from countries
around the world such as Japan Korea
Austria Mexico Brazil and friends I
really want to go to help represent the
US since there's going to be so many
ocarina makers and players there from
around the world and to get some more
ideas for a possible north american
festival here in the near future the
only problem is the trip is going to be
super expensive but there are a few ways
you guys help me get there you may
remember back in 2009
a couple months of compiling all the
questions you guys have asked over the
years about off marinas and put all the
answers into a downloadable ebook called
the ocarina guide it was twenty dollars
to buy which I know is a little bit
expensive but to everyone who's been
purchasing it since then thank you very
much but in order to raise money for the
festival and the traveling to different
anime cons I decided to update the book
with more answers to your questions
newall Karina's and lower the price
which is ten dollars so not only are you
getting some hard to find ocarina
information but you're also helping me
to get to Italy and to convention your
you everybody wins so I put a link to
purchase the book in the description and
if you'd like to find out more info
first click the link for the video or
you can check out the main website
ocarina guide com if at least 300 people
download the book that should be enough
to cover all my travel expenses which
would be awesome if you don't wish to
get the book but you'd still like to
offer some support you can actually
donate your paypal just follow the link
in the description any amount would be
greatly appreciated also say that any
money I get above my traveling expenses
will probably go towards a new camera
the camera I have right now is a habit
of going kind of crazy after about 10
minutes of filming which actually
happened a lot during the filming of
this video here's what it does
I really want to go to help represent
the US since there's going to be so many
aquafina make errs and players that are
from around the world I decided to
update the book with more answers to
your questions the camera is messing up
again daint but you're also helping me
to get to Italy and come to the
convention your you everybody wins the
only problem is the trip is going to be
super expensive but there are a few ways
you guys can help me get their
conventions I decided to update the book
with
so again if you guys can help out by
purchasing the book or donating through
paypal it would be greatly appreciated
because it helps me continue to make
videos for you guys and get the word out
about the ocarina so that's it for this
episode thanks so much for watching and
keep making music
I decided to update the book with oh my
god the camera is going crazy how are
you doing this camera